PROLOGUE

He came from the sky. Nobody knows if that is true, but that's what the stories say. He started a journey filled with uncertainty; as he woke up to the rushing of the wind. On opening his eyes he was greeted by the vast stretch of the sky; the sun peeking from beyond the horizon in the distance. The sky couldn't have seemed any brighter for a day so dark. It took him some time to realize that he was falling; his whole body ached.

As he was falling to his impending doom he told himself,

So it is finally coming to an end; funny this is not how I imagined it.

He was falling through the air like a rag doll. Before he could even realize it he had already begun to count down in his head. The only thing he could see below him for miles was a dense snow-covered forest.

After all this time of waiting, I am finally back and yet ...

Seems I failed to get anything done right.

The ground seemed to rush towards him every second. He could see the forests see the snow-covered forest floor very clearly now.

Bet it's going to hurt!

He closed his eyes tightly and braced himself for the impact. Trying to clear his mind of any scary thoughts he started to count. Waiting and waiting but the impact did not come; his whole body felt light but the sound of the gushing wind had stopped. Instead of falling it felt as if he was floating and after some time he felt his whole body being enveloped cold.

Is this it, am I DEAD!

His whole body still hurt. Unable to understand what was happening; he could still feel his arms and legs; he opened his eyes, he could see the morning sun rays peeking through the canopy of trees and he was lying in the cold snow still very much alive.

"Why am I still alive", he whispered with the bare minimum strength he had left but before he could contemplate anything he heard a rustle, he tried to turn his head to look at the direction of the sound but couldn't.

As the sound came closer and into view, he saw a cloaked figure come into view. The person came up and stood in front of him; the face hidden behind the hood of the deep blue cloak stared at him.

His body was starting to feel numb, his consciousness drifting away as the cloaked figure spoke with a calm and gentle voice before he fell unconscious.

"Please don't give up, it's going to be OK, you are safe now"

